Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-ser215-project-deliverable-4
<br>
<pre>Personal Software Process &amp; Quality(PSP2, Exception Handling, GUI development)This assignment has to be completed by each student individually. NO COLLABORATION IS ALLOWED. Submit the following: YourASURitelD-ProjectDeliverable4.zip This compressed folder should contain the following files:</pre>

core package/folder containing

<ul>

 <li>CheckersLogic.java (Game Logic Module )</li>

 <li>CheckersComputerPlayer java(Logic to play against computer, generate computer moves)</li>

</ul>

<ol start="2">

 <li>ui package/folder containing</li>

</ol>

<ul>

 <li>CheckersTextConsoIe.java (Console-based UI to test the game)</li>

 <li>CheckersGUI.java (graphical user interface for the game)</li>

</ul>

<ol start="3">

 <li>Documentation folder containing</li>

</ol>

<ul>

 <li>javadoc documentation files (Index html and other supporting files</li>

</ul>

css and js files generated by the tool)

<pre>A few screen shots showing test results of your working game and answers to reflection questions written inline in this document Readme file (optional: submit if you have any special instructions for testing)</pre>

<pre>Checkers Game: Checkers is a strategy board game for two players which involve diagonal moves of uniform game pieces and mandatory captures by jumping over opponent pieces. It is played by two opponents, on opposite sides of the 8x8 checkered gameboard. One player has the dark pieces (or 'x' tokens); the other has the light pieces (or tokens). Each player has 12 pieces. Players alternate turns. A player may not move an opponent's piece. A move consists of moving a piece diagonally to an adjacent unoccupied square. If the adjacent square contains an opponent's piece, and the square immediately beyond it is vacant, the piece may be captured (and removed from the game) by jumping over it. Only the dark squares of the checkered board are used. A piece may move only diagonally into an unoccupied square. The player without pieces remaining, or who cannot move due to being blocked, loses the game. Pieces move one step diagonally forwards, and capture an opponent's piece by moving two consecutive steps in the same line, jumping over the piece on the first step. Multiple enemy pieces can be captured in a single turn provided this is done by successive jumps made by a single piece; the jumps do not need to be in the same line and may "zigzag" (change diagonal direction). Pieces can move/jump only in forward direction. Aim Of the game: is to capture all the opponent's pieces or render them unable to move.</pre>